So the goal is to compare Engler you and react.
And here's one important thing.
There is no single truth here.
There is no best framework and there is no single way of comparing them.
You might have Ivor points which are important to you which I don't show here but here are a couple
of things.
Questions topics I came up with which seem important to me and which seem relevant to me.
If I were to choose which framework to dive in deeper and which framework to use in my next project
or to learn to get a job.
So we'll have a look at the learning curve and what's that.
I mean not only how easy it is to get started with it though that is an important point but also how
easy is it to then follow along to dive deeper to learn different concepts of this framework and to
build small or medium sized and bigger apps.
So the overall learning curve there after I want to have a look at how easy is it to use that framework
in smaller applications or in multi-page applications where since you have multiple pages you can think
of it as multiple smaller applications.
Javascript will always only manage parts of the one page and then we have multiple of these pages which
are not connected to Jabra.
That is what I mean we're small too so not necessarily small in the sense of it doesn't do much but
more in the sense of what we do with this framework on each page.
That is what I mean with downscaling.
How easy is it to drop it into an existing application.
The opposite of course is upscaling or single page applications.
How easy is it with that framework to create big enterprise level single page applications where javascript
manages to complete Front-End that also might be a key factor in your decision making and we'll have
a look at it for each framework.
Of course all Also important is the performance.
How does the framework perform.
That includes the bundle size.
So how much code do we produce.
How much overhead Do we have.
How big is the framework.
Which code has to be downloaded by the browser but also runtime performance.
How does it perform once the framework has been loaded and Nambour important point of course is the
way from development to production.
That might sound trivial but actually it's super important that the framework you work with gives you
build tools and gives you a workflow you like and you feel is easy to use.
It might be overly complicated to get a production ready application or it might not be possible at
all.
So that is something we'll have a look at.
How easy is it to make that staps run.
Yeah I'm working with it.
I'm developing an app to it now really is optimized for production.
And the final point I came up with is the popularity or the jobs perspective.
How easy is it to get a job.
How popular is a framework.
How is it backed.
Which companies are using it.
So basically answering the question what will be the future of this framework.
Is it worth learning it.
These are all the points I came up with.
Again there might be über points which seem more relevant to you.
Pigsties points give you a pretty clear impression on how the framework performs and that of course
is up to you to weigh these points.
Is it important to you that you can create single page applications with it.
Maybe that's not your goal so then maybe that point is irrelevant to you.
So take this list as a critical starting point of evaluating the framework on your own.
But enough of the talking.
Let's start filling out that list in the next lecture.